hey guys this is Dave Judy and this is
not a tech review or tutorial or
anything tech related this is a genuine
and heartfelt thank you for all the
support you guys have given me over the
past couple of weeks and I know it seems
callous silly to make a thank you video
after 150 subs but seriously I never
thought this channel automat to anything
I didn't think I'd have any subs I just
did this for fun so it's super cool to
have people on board that are interested
in this stuff I'm making I just want to
make really cool videos bottom line
people like marques and TLD today and
Lou from unbox therapy they've set the
bar so high it's really hard for people
like me who have no experience in video
making at all to create videos of
substance or of interest for you guys so
if you guys like it and you're giving me
support like this I can't even express
in words how thankful I am for it but
yeah I really appreciate it so people
that have subscribed thank you people
that have hit the like button thank you
people to hit the download button after
you know but seriously the that it just
lets me know that there's stuff I need
to work on that's cool I need to I need
to work on stuff I'm very aware of it I
know my videos aren't great but I do
want to make a video so that one day
marques looks on my videos and goes hey
Dave 2d made a video that isn't asked
that would be nice but yeah I'm doing a
giveaway at like 200 subs or so it's the
Dell Venue 8 7840 tablet it's a sweet
tablet and check out my review if you
haven't and I'm gonna give it away like
once I hit 200 subs like I'll wait a
couple days or so just to kind of let
people sub if they need to but I'm just
gonna do the giveaway at around that
point and yeah I mean the odds of
winning will be pretty high so sub and
yeah sorry
you need to sub to win this thing I
gotta see your name on that list so and
people that are cheating and they're
like having multiple accounts I'll
figure out a way to like find you and
not make sure you don't win well yeah
it's been nice it's been really nice
I'll see you guys next time
Thanks